hey guys my name is crazy penguin and
welcome back to another class overview
this time we'll be talking about the
technician and all of his fun tools in
this series I cover a class and
everything they had to offer show you
and explain to you how some of their
weapons work and then at the end we'll
talk about different play styles and
general thoughts on the class itself so
let's get this started first off his
first primary weapon is the TCN for SMG
the TC and for or technician for
technician SMG is a halfway decent
weapon it's similar to all the other
automatic firing weapons in this game
and that if you can hit people with it
it's a great weapon but if you're not
all that great with it you might do
better with the other option it's a
great gun high DPS great damage the only
drawback being that it has a fairly low
clip size you find yourself reloading
quite a bit with this weapon so you'll
definitely want to upgrade it all the
way to get that extra reload time
overall it's a great weapon if you can
use it otherwise we'll look at the
thumper the thumper is a more new
friendly gun it definitely doesn't
require the accuracy of the SMG the
splash damage is great for clearing out
rooms finding infiltrators and it
rewards those who take their time with
their shots you can bounce around and
every time the enemy touches the ground
you hit them with your explosion it's a
lot easier than trying to trace somebody
with your bullets when indoors this gun
is amazing overall I prefer to the SMG
but I can definitely see the strengths
of the SMG moving on to the secondaries
the first one is the improved repair
tool all of its upgrades are just to
give you a faster repair time you mix it
with mechanic and you can repair things
quite efficiently also the only way this
thing is going to damage is if you are
hitting somebody else's base assets it's
not super viable especially seeing as
you have to make it to the asset in
order to do it you're not hidden by any
means and generally other things are
going to do it much much more
effectively spin fusers even your
thumper probably a better route to go
than actually using this with the
mechanic work the next secondary is the
sawed-off shotgun which is a really
decent weapon hits can does a lot of
damage and it can fire very very quickly
it's great for burst damage great for
indoors
but it restricts obviously you will no
longer have the repair tool so preparing
your own turret space assets goes out
the window for more close range
lethality the last secondary is the
sparrow which is a really decent pistol
paired with the thumper it's great for
finishing off enemies who make it
outside of your range again if you can
go without the repair tool this is just
another great tool to use at your
disposal looking at the grenades know
the first is the TC ng or technicians
grenade and it's not the worst grenade
but it's definitely not the best grenade
either does about a thousand damage in
carry a handful of them at a time
through the use of upgrading and safety
third they detonate after a short period
of time so you can't go live in these
super file explode in midair overall
they're decent for the technician but I
personally enjoy the motion sensor
better the motion sensor very much makes
the class for me personally I really
really enjoy playing when I understand
what enemies are coming and where
they're going and it has a lot of great
uses if you stick it on the flag then
anybody comes sweeping through to take
your flag is only going to leave with
very little energy and it's going to
make the job of your chasers much easier
you can stick it at any one of the
entrances to your base alerting you when
the enemy is coming and where they're
going if you stick it in front of one of
your turrets then it's going to zap the
energy of anybody who might try and run
away from your turret and most
importantly it's going to make the job
of infiltrators so much more difficult
they run over one of these they become
visible and if they're within sight of
one of your turrets they start taking
damage and they can tree stealth on top
of that its absolute energy so if they
can hide and pop back into stuff they
don't have nearly the pool that they
used to have it makes that our job of
infiltrating much much more difficult
just by the use of one of these little
guys and then we have the packs the only
one of course is the light turret which
is the technicians bread and butter this
is the reason why you play the
technician it excels really really
greatly at defense as you might expect
second it near your flag or maybe in
your generator room is a great choice
stinking motion sensors around it
increases its lethality especially
against infiltrators and it does about
65 damage and shoots quite quickly has a
decent range I personally would like it
to be just a little bit longer but I
understand why it's not it has a decent
health pool as well just about the only
thing that can one-shot this is
a mortar or maybe a brute spin fuser the
trick with the light turrets you're just
understanding where to place them to get
the most effect out of them overall
great great utility and a great great
tool at your disposal all right so we
covered all of the different weapons and
options that the technician has to offer
I would probably say the best way to go
about playing him is in a defensive
manner seeing as all of his abilities
are geared towards that specifically
most of all the light turret of course
not to say that you can't play a
different style I've seen a handful of
offensive technicians who run to the
other side of the mat place their
turrets and trying her ass and and
disrupt the best they can I've also run
into a couple of battle techs who opt
out for the shotgun of the pistol and
run around like they're a soldier or
turning flags and fighting midfield like
it's TDM if you're not being a detriment
to your team and you can pull it off
more power to you I simply can I'm not
that great at this game but defense
isn't the only way to go but it's most
definitely his strength as far as
credits go I would suggest the upgrade
the radar and the turrets you saw me use
an orbital earlier that was because I
had already upgraded everything after
that I'd get your defense
self-sustaining meaning that wherever
you have your turret set up at they can
take out enemy intruders on their own
and you don't need to be around your own
turrets to defend your base once you're
at that point and the enemy team has
finally given up trying to take whatever
it is they're trying to take then go
jump in a Shrike or stand on your flag
or do what you got to do have some fun
with the game overall technician is a
really fun class great defensive class a
lot of fun to play and a great asset to
the team none of this information should
be groundbreaking it's just my opinion
on things giving you a better idea what
the class has to offer and and different
play styles different things that you
can do with it etc etc if you do really
enjoy the technician then I would
suggest that you look at upgrading into
the thumper and the motion sensors at
least for me they make the class you're
more than welcome to try it any other
way but that's how I have the most fun
and that's going to do it for this guide
guys I hope you learned something put it
to good use while you're in game if you
enjoyed the overview be sure to leave a
like comment down below and be awesome
and I'll see you next video guys